Document visibility for globals [skip CI]. (#1081)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/language/variables.rst

At the global module level, we declare variables with the ``global``
keyword::

    [public] global NAME: TYPE [= DEFAULT];

> This defines a global variable called ``NAME`` with type ``TYPE``. If the
> variable is declared with ``public`` visibility other modules can reference it.
> If a default is giving, Spicy initialized the global accordingly before any
> code executes. Otherwise, the global received a type-specific default,
> typically the type's notion of a null value. As a result, globals are always
> initialized to a well-defined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This defines a global variable called ``NAME`` with type ``TYPE``. If the
variable is declared with ``public`` visibility other modules can reference it.
If a default is given, Spicy initializes the global accordingly before any
code executes. Otherwise, the global receives a type-specific default,
typically the type's notion of a null value. As a result, globals are always
initialized to a well-defined value.
```
